c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.WebApi.dll.config
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.WebApi.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Dapper.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Command.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Query.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Service.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Shared.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\MediatR.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Command.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Query.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Service.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ExampleProject.Shared.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Dapper.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\IdentityModel.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\bin\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\obj\Debug\ExampleProject.WebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\obj\Debug\ExampleProject.WebApi.dll
c:\users\sserette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleProject\ExampleProject.WebApi\obj\Debug\ExampleProject.WebApi.pdb
